>> Scott Moss: The next thing we need to
do is, like I said, because this is one
page for many possible slugs,
how do we pre-render them ahead of time?
How do we tell next year that
there's more than one of these, so
it's rendered statically ahead of time?
So that's what we need to do, and
it's really not that difficult to do it,
it's very similar to what you
have done in the pages directory.
And next to yes,
you can export a function here called get,
let me see if I can remember.
GetStaticParams = (),
pretty sure that's it.
We'll go verify it.
GenerateStaticParams, okay, close,
close, generateStaticParams.
So all you have to do with this one,
it's really simple.
It runs on the server, all you have to do
is just return an array of objects that
have the parameters that
this route resolves to.
So in this case, I need to return
an array of objects to have a slug.
That's it, and then it will generate
those for me, so, how do I get those?
Well, we need a query.
We need a query just to get the slugs.
So right now, our query,
like, gets all this stuff.
So I guess I could just call this
again and just only get the slugs, or
I can make another one.
You get the point,
I'm just gonna call this one again and
we'll just get the slugs and that's it.
Well, hold on, this one takes in a slug
variable, so this actually only gets one,
so no, we do have to make another one.
Let's do it.
So we'll say, and
maybe we can just write this one here,
because it's mostly just the same,
honestly, just without the where.
So we could just say, get
>> Scott Moss: GetSlugsForPosts.
>> Scott Moss: Like that.
And we'll say, query
>> Scott Moss: For
the most part,
it's very similar to this one, so
I'm just gonna just copy the query,
then take away the things we don't need.
>> Scott Moss: So I'll do this, I'll
just give it a different operation name.
I'll call it SlugsForPost.
This doesn't matter in GraphQL,
it's not gonna take any arguments, so
I'm just gonna curate the arguments.
And for the items,
I just want the slugs, and
that is gonna get rid of everything else.
>> Scott Moss: That's it.
I don't even need these parentheses.
I don't even really need that,
I can just do this.
And I don't need that,
[LAUGH] it's getting rid of everything.
>> Scott Moss: Cool, so
that should do that, and
then come here and get our data, await.
>> Scott Moss: I don't know why
I keep forgetting the name of
that function Content, okay.
Constant fetcher, we can just make
it inline generic right here.
We'll do that in a second.
Query, if not, data.
>> Scott Moss: And throw error.
>> Scott Moss: And then return the data.
And then, as far as for the types,
I'll just put them right here
because it's such a small one.
This will just be this thing,
which is an object, which has items,
which is an array of objects,
and that has a slug.
That's a straight.
Okay, so now we got that.
We can use this inside of our page.
And we can just say, data = await,
we're gonna call this,
await getSlugsForPosts,
it doesn't take in any arguments.
And we're just gonna return
>> Scott Moss: An array.
So data.customerPostCollection.items.map,
I don't think we need a map because it's
already an array with
a slug property on it.
So that's all we need.
Because we need to return back an array
of objects that have a slug property,
and that's exactly what these are.
They're an array of objects
with a slug property.
So let's see if this actually works.
What we wanna do is a npm run build,
and we'll see if this broke or not.
>> Scott Moss: We'll know it worked cuz
it'll tell us it generated a route with
that name, okay.
You got to turn off
the title of your bears,
I'm not fixing all that type of stuff.
[LAUGH] If you go to the next config.
[INAUDIBLE].
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, you type in
typescripts and you say, Ignore.
Just go away.
Or, ignore builder errors.
True, there you go.
>> Scott Moss: So let's see.
>> Scott Moss: All right,
so you can see right there,
it did indeed build that page out.
It got the route for
it and it built it out.
So if we had more there, you would see
that those were built out as well.